The first thing we want to do here is let's head up into the head of our application,
and we are going to add a new script here.
And what this script is going to do is it is going to
download the real Redux and stick it
on the global namespace as capital R, Redux.
So, anywhere inside of our app that we want to access Redux we can just do Redux.
So, what that means is now,
we can delete all of our library codes specifically our createStore function.
So, that'll be gone.
And then now, when we create our store,
instead of calling our create store function,
what we are going to do is we will call Redux.createStore.
And what you'll see here is if we hit refresh,
everything is going to be the exact same,
because our createStore function was exactly the same as the real createStore function.
So, not only do you understand how
createStore actually works because you've literally built it,
but you also understand how Redux itself works because all of our app code up
here is really the exact same patterns and the same things
that you would do inside of a Redux application.
Now, there's one more thing that we can change here.
If you remember, when we added our second reducer, our goals reducer here,
what we also had to do was we had to create this app function which was responsible
for calling our individual reducers and
passing those reducers the specific slices of the state,
in order to get our main state tree.
Well, this is actually a common pattern in Redux that actually comes built in.
So what we can do, is we can get rid of our app function, and now,
instead of passing createStore app,
we want to call Redux.combinedReducers passing object.
Each property on this object is going to be
our individual reducers just as we have right here.
So, we can pass a todos,
as well as goals,
and then just like with our app function,
combined reducers is going to be smart enough to say, "Okay,
it looks like the user wants a todos property on their states and they also want
a goals property and it's also going to be smart enough to pass todos,
all they need to do is portion of the state as well as goals,
the goals portion of the state".
So again, we can delete our app function, because now,
we can use combined reducers,
and just so that you really believe me, now,
we can come in here and everything is still working the exact
same because our implementation of create store and combined reducers,
was very similar to the actual create store and the actual combined reducers.